README.md, before:

[![Utility.Result](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Utility.Result)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Utility.Result)

# Result (Utility Library)

A utility library with Result type. This type provides a means of returning success or failure and an optional value. Great for avoiding throwing exceptions which are expensive.

## Installation

You can use the NUGET package named **Utility.Result** that is on nuget.org or adding this line to an **ItemGroup** in your csproj file.

```
<PackageReference Include="Utility.Result" Version="*" />
```

## Usage Examples

### Returning a successful result from a function.

```
    public Result ReturnOkResult()
    {
        return OkResult.Ok();
    }
```

### Returning a successful result and value from a function.

```
    public ObjectResult<int> ReturnIntegerResult()
    {
        ObjectResult<int> result = OkObjectResult<int>.Ok(100);
        return result;
    }
```

### Returns a successful result from a task.

```
    public Task<Result> ReturnResultForTask()
    {
        return Task.FromResult<Result>(OkResult.Ok());
    }
```

### Returns a failure from a function

```
    public Result ReturnFailure()
    {
        return ErrorResult.Fail("This function has failed because of...");
    }
```

Commit message:

Refactor namespace to OliveStudio.Results
Updated project structure to reflect new namespace.
Replaced Musts assertions with NUnit assertions in tests.
Updated package references to specific versions for stability.
Modified solution file to include new project references.
Revised README.md to reflect the new library name and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# Results

A results library with a Result type. This type provides a means of returning success or failure and an optional value. Great for avoiding throwing exceptions which are expensive.

## Installation

You can use the NUGET package named **OliveStudio.Results** that is on nuget.org or adding this line to an **ItemGroup** in your csproj file.

```
<PackageReference Include="OliveStudio.Results" Version="*" />
```

## Usage Examples

### Returning a successful result from a function.

```
    public Result ReturnOkResult()
    {
        return OkResult.Ok();
    }
```

### Returning a successful result and value from a function.

```
    public ObjectResult<int> ReturnIntegerResult()
    {
        ObjectResult<int> result = OkObjectResult<int>.Ok(100);
        return result;
    }
```

### Returns a successful result from a task.

```
    public Task<Result> ReturnResultForTask()
    {
        return Task.FromResult<Result>(OkResult.Ok());
    }
```

### Returns a failure from a function

```
    public Result ReturnFailure()
    {
        return ErrorResult.Fail("This function has failed because of...");
    }
```
